h1. The Matrix Game 

_“Very soon, every American will be required to register their biological property (that’s you and your children) in a national system designed to keep track of the people and that will operate under the ancient system of pledging. By such methodology, we can compel people to submit to our agenda, which will affect our security as a charge back for our fiat paper currency. Every American will be forced to register or suffer being able to work and earn a living. They will be our chattels (property) and we will hold the security interest over them forever, by operation of the lawmerchant under the scheme of secured transactions. Americans, by unknowingly or unwittingly delivering the bills of lading (Birth Certificate) to us will be rendered bankrupt and insolvent, secured by their pledges. They will be stripped of their rights and given a commercial value designed to make us a profit and they will be none the wiser, for not one man in a million could ever figure our plans and, if by accident one or two should figure it out, we have in our arsenal plausible deniability. After all, this is the only logical way to fund government, by floating liens and debts to the registrants in the form of benefits and privileges. This will inevitably reap us huge profits beyond our wildest expectations and leave every American a contributor to this fraud, which we will call “Social Insurance.” Without realizing it, every American will unknowingly be our servant, however begrudgingly. The people will become helpless and without any hope for their redemption and we will employ the high office (presidency) of our dummy corporation (USA) to foment this plot against America.”_

_~Colonel Edward Mandell House in a private meeting with Woodrow Wilson (President 1913 – 1921)_

_"Capital must protect itself in every possible way, both by combination and legislation. Debts must be collected, mortgages foreclosed as rapidly as possible. When through the process of law the common people loose their homes, they will become more docile and more easily governed through the strong arm of the government applied by a central power of wealth under leading financiers. These truths are well known among our principal men who are now engaged in forming an imperialism to govern the world. By dividing the voter through the political party system we can get them to expend their energies in fighting questions of no importance. It is thus by discrete action we can ensue for ourselves that which has been so well planned and so successfully accomplished."_ 

_1924, Bankers Association_

_The Matrix_ movie very accurately reflects your life on this earth. You were born free into this world, but immediately enslaved and pledged to the state by your parents. Your vessel came down the birth canal of your mother and she gave birth to your vessel, also known as your strawman or person.

This vessel was then pledged to the state via the Birth Certificate (a Bill of Lading). The original B.C is a bond, so in effect you were bondaged since that time. Your parents got a receipt for the Birth Certificate.

Bill of Laden: _"A Document evidencing the receipt of goods for shipment issued by a person engaged in the transportation or forwarding of goods. ie. registrar general. A warehouse receipt."_

The Birth Certificate was then sold on the open market by the state. The value of the B.C is the expected value of your labor during your life and all the taxes, fines etc. collected. You are an asset in the system and sold as a " future instrument". Your B.C is then used to as an asset to back new "money" creation at the central bank. Through fractinal reserve banking this initial money can then be leveraged up to 40-100 times or more in outstanding claims, which the people then have to pay interest on in perpetuity. In effect, the B.C is also a liability of the state, hence they owe the same money to you. They pay this out through various benefits you receive. Your taxes do not go to pay for the government as you might have belived. In fact, the money loans the money from the central bank with interest and uses the taxes, fines etc. to pay this debt (which can theoretically never be repaid!). It is the ultimate scam to enrich the bankers and turn all men and women into slaves who think they are free. It is a modern feudal system, a tax farm. The world is a prison and each country is just another prison cell.

Money can only get into the public as debt, hence all the money in circulation is debt. You can't really pay a debt with a debt, so all the legal tender (bank notes) are really just promisory notes (promises to pay in the future). This then implies that you really never receive an income, only a promise for future income, hence there is really no income to pay taxes from or anything.

Since the state and the whole system is essentially bankrupt, the remedy is to use Accepted for Value, where you signature alone has the power to offset debts. Long story.... Basically the banks control and own the whole world but if enough people wake up to these facts we can overturn the current system and create a truly free world!

This online game tries to simulate your life in this system and demonstrates various commercial and other remedies you can use to play this game to your own advantage. The rules of the game also applies to the agents inside. Just like Neo, you too can learn to "dodge bullets"!

I hope you will enjoy this game and learn a lot of empowering knowledge! Welcome to the revolution!
May the force be with you ;)


